Update 2020-10-05.md (#49)
rhodyprog4ds/BrownFall20: notes/2020-10-05.md

pd.merge(players18,players19,)
```

> Using inner gives us only the 'PLAYER_ID' that are in both dataframes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `how='inner'` gives us only the `'PLAYER_ID'` that are in both DataFrames
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
pd.merge(players18,players19,on='PLAYER_ID', how='inner')
```

> Using outer gives us the 'PLAYER_ID' that are in one or both of the dataframes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `outer` gives us the `'PLAYER_ID'` that are in one or both of the DataFrame
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
pd.merge(players18,players19,on='PLAYER_ID', how='outer')
```

> Using  left gives us the 'PLAYER_ID' that are in the left(players18) dataframe or both dataframes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using  `left` gives us the `'PLAYER_ID'` that are in the left(`players18`) DataFrame, including those that are in both DataFrame
```

> right would give players in the players19 dataframe or both dataframes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`right` would give players in the `players19` DataFrame or both DataFrames
```
